Adding information for using TinyMCE editor and FormattedTextareaType with prestashop UI kit and twig form (#1308)
PrestaShop/docs: development/components/form/types-reference/formatted-textarea.md

## Required Javascript components
    

> To use with twig and new prestashop admin UI Kit. You have to init the component :

Reviewer: To make it work in the PrestaShop UI Kit, you need to call the `TinyMCEEditor` js component :

> To use with twig and new prestashop admin UI Kit. You have to init the component :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make it work in the PrestaShop UI Kit, you need to initialize the `TinyMCEEditor` js component:
```

> To use with twig and new prestashop admin UI Kit. You have to init the component :

Reviewer 2: Alternative wording:
```suggestion
In order to use TinyMCE editor in the PrestaShop UI Kit, you need to initialize its javascript component once the page is loaded:
```
